[Music]
one of the things that a kid to all of
us early on is they have a superhero
universe why can't we do that in the
horror well when we were making the
first conjuring it became very apparent
to us that there could be a bigger
universe so many other great stories
that would be awesome to look into there
is this established timeline how they
all pieced together in Annabelle
creation we find out about the origin
every time that doll appears on screen
people react people just love her the
conjuring movies have got such strong
characters in them with Lorraine and Ed
Warren when we made conjuring two people
really loved the nun character
with the nun we're going right back to
where it all began
it's the origins of the demonic entity
that will be haunting the Warrens
encountering - I can create something
that builds in that country and universe
but is also fresh and unexpected skiers
are different than anything you've seen
in the other conjuring universe movie
it's a completely different environment
as a fan I want to see all the different
stories
you
[Music]